The '''2010-02-14 meeting''' was held on ''Sunday, February&nbsp;14<sup>th</sup>'' at ''18:00&nbsp;UCT'' on IRC.

Present were:
* MMlosh
* WolfgangB
* Mathnerd314
* christoph_
* grumbel
* octo
* Auria
* ohnobinki (late)
* mattmccutchen (late)

== Minutes ==

=== Project management ===

* (Unstable) Release
** ''Mathnerd314'': Release as-is
** ''WolfgangB'': Take care of the license of data files first, stable release ASP
** ''octo'': Release as-is
** ''grumbel'': Against a release
* Licenses of data files ({{Bug|578}})
** ''grumbel'' suggested to move files with unknown license to a <code>non-free/</code> folder.
** ''octo's'' alternative would be to remove all files and announce to the mailing list that the authors should contact us with licensing information to have them included again.
** The author of a file can be determined from the [[DataFiles]], SVN log and/or the mailing list archives.
** The information should be made available in an <code>AUTHORS</code> file which should be included in a release tarball.
** Some sound files already do have a SVN property with licensing information.
* Semi-anonymous contributions (email/nick but no real name)
** Contributions with just a nick name are fine. Since nobody knew what there was to discuss, the matter has been dismissed.
** An email address would be nice to have, though.
* Google Code move
** Using Google's bug tracker is the main point of the move.
** Nobody likes Mantis, so some people suggested to move the bug tracker to Google, too.
** Transition scripts Mantis -> Google are not available yet.
** The proposed transition is to use Google's bug tracker for bugs related to new releases only.
** The new bug tracker should be ready to use for the next ''stable'' release.
** The tarballs of new releases will likely be hosted there. 
* Bug tracker workflow ({{Bug|580}})
** In favor of "feedback" means "requires feedback": ''Mathnerd314''
** In favor of "feedback" means "has feedback": ''octo'', ''MMlosh''
** ''grumbel:'' Don't use "feedback"

=== Gameplay ===

* Changed levels
** ''Mathnerd314'' would like feedback on levels 13 and 27 of [[Icy Island]].
* Carrying objects
** Postponed for next meeting
* Autoscroll camera ({{Bug|475}})
** Majority voted for "remove autoscolling altogether".
** It is unclear, how scripted camera, cut scenes and so forth are effected.
** It's possible removing autoscolling makes it possible to remove some hacks.

=== Next meeting date and time ===

* The next meeting is scheduled for ''Saturday, February&nbsp;20<sup>th</sup>'', at ''15:00&nbsp;UCT''.

[[Category:Development]]
