The '''2010-02-20 meeting''' was held on ''Saturday, February&nbsp;20<sup>th</sup>'' at ''15:00&nbsp;UCT'' on IRC.

Present were:
* foo
* bar
* …

== Minutes ==

# Project management
#* (Unstable) Release - now?
#* Decide whether to finish up forest (ghost) world or to improve world 1 some more
# Gameplay
#* Feedback for the [[Yeti]] and [[Above the Arctic Skies]] levels.
#** Is Yeti level too hard? [[SuperTux:Community Discussion#Vote]]
#* Decide which new enemies to implement/rewrite first (bombfish, snowman, ninja snowball, forest enemies such as owl/zeekling...)
# Source code
#* Split physics, drawing, etc. apart
#** Which design pattern to use?
#* Find some way to change object constants without recompiling (sprites, Yeti bounds, velocities of various things, …)
# Next meeting date and time - every Saturday at 15:00 UTC?

[[Category:Development]]
